Let me introduce you to everyone
This kid doesn't know what ecstasy soup he used
He hooked up with my sister
Made my sister give up our big family business
You have to go with him and be a stinky wage earner
Hahahaha
Oh, dear.
But he only has one.
A fishy factory
And a dirty ballroom
He has nothing left.
Did you hear that right?
Miss Shi left the family business behind
Hang out with this trash
This teacher's brain may have been caught by the door
Fortunately, the master is now in charge
Otherwise, let him sleep with the money from our Tu Shi's family and give it to him.
Don't worry.
You put the money with me.
I promise to make your career a success.
A bunch of jumping beam clowns
Who let you in?
Good dogs don't get in the way
You don't know.
Now what you do in it is worth the money.
Big boss of hundreds of millions
Are you going in to match?